Move FieldMiddleware from ExecutionOptions to Schema (#2210)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: docs2/site/docs/migrations/migration4.md

## Breaking Changes

* `NameConverter`, `SchemaFilter` and `FieldMiddleware` have been removed from `ExecutionOptions` and are now properties on the `Schema`.

>   These properties can be set in the constructor of the `Schema` instance, or within your DI registration delegate, or at any time before

Reviewer: What is "DI registration delegate" ?

Author: ```cs
Services.AddSingleton<ISchema>(
    //this delegate -- I don't know what to call it
    serviceProvider => {
        var schema = new Schema();
        schema.Query = serviceProvider.GetRequiredService<MyQuery>();
        schema.FieldMiddleware.Use(serviceProvider.GetRequiredService<MyMiddleware>());
    }
);
```
I'm open to any suggestions you have as to the documentation here.

Reviewer: I used to call it _composition root_: https://blog.ploeh.dk/2011/07/28/CompositionRoot/

Author: Uhh...ok so this???
```suggestion
  These properties can be set in the constructor of the `Schema` instance, or within your DI composition root, or at any time before
```

Reviewer: Yes.
